.NET Profiler: update documentation (#17095)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/dotnet.md

| `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT`      | String        | Sets the port where profiles are sent (the port where the Agent is listening for connections). Ignored if `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` is set. Defaults to`8126`.  |
| `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL`       | String        | Sets the URL endpoint where profiles are sent. Overrides `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT` if set. Defaults to `http://<DD_AGENT_HOST>:<DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT>`.  |
| `DD_TRACE_DEBUG`           | Boolean        | Enables or disables debug logging (Could help in case of troubleshooting investigation). Valid values are: `true` or `false`. Defaults to `false`.  |

> | `DD_PROFILING_LOG_DIR`     | String        | Sets the directory for .NET Profiler logs. Defaults to `%ProgramData%\Datadog .NET Tracer\logs\`. (before 2.24, the default directory was `%ProgramData%\Datadog-APM\logs\`)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_PROFILING_LOG_DIR`     | String        | Sets the directory for .NET Profiler logs. Defaults to `%ProgramData%\Datadog .NET Tracer\logs\`. Prior to v2.24, the default directory was `%ProgramData%\Datadog-APM\logs\`.  |
```
